
What you'll do...Data Source Identification:Understands the priority order of requirements and service level agreements. Defines and identifies the most suitable sources for required data that is fit for purpose, referring to external sources as required. Performs initial data quality checks on the extracted data. Reviews the deliverables of junior associates and provides guidance.Data Transformation and Integration: Builds the infrastructure required for optimal transformation and integration from a wide variety of data sources using appropriate data integration technologies. Uses modern tools, techniques, and architectures to partially or completely automate the most common, repeatable and tedious data preparation and integration tasks. Deploys pipelines using scheduling and orchestration frameworks. Evaluates impacts of data issues and risks at an early stage. Identifies needs and creates methods to fuse and reshape complex, multi-source data and make it usable for modeling. Updates knowledge of current and emerging big data analytics and data science trends and techniques.Code Development and Testing:Reviews the solution and application design to ensure it meets business, technical, and data requirements. Identifies language and libraries to use in the development process. Maps test cases to business and functional requirements. Creates proof of concepts. Reviews and troubleshoots code in line with final designs. Identifies and recommends the appropriate testing methodology. Identifies the environment(s) for deployment. Identifies and recommends modifications of application based on different environment requirements. Identifies modifications needed for scalability and drives the change. Monitors applications in production and leads development of patches where required. Reviews and ensures all code documentation is complete and updated periodically. Review work of Junior associates in the team.Data Strategy: Understands, articulates, interprets, and applies the principles of the defined strategy to unique, moderately complex business problems that may span one or main functions or domains.Problem Formulation:Analyzes the business problem within one's discipline and questions assumptions to help the business identify the root cause. Identifies and recommends approach to resolve the business problem. Sets data analytics, big data analytics, automation goals, and deliverables based on the established success criteria and define key metrics to measure progress and effectiveness of the solution. Quantifies business impact.Applied Business Acumen:Evaluates proposed business cases for projects and initiatives. Influences business stakeholder decision making. Translate business requirements into strategies, initiatives, and projects and aligns them to business strategy and objectives and drives the execution of deliverables. Builds and articulates the business case and return on investment and delivers work that has demonstrable value. Challenge business assumptions on topics related to one's domain expertise. Develops new organization-wide processes and ways of working. Teaches and guides others on best practices. Proactively engages in the external community to build Walmart's brand and learn more about industry practices.Data Modeling:Assembles large, complex data across all data platforms (for example, relational, dimensional, NoSQL) and data tools. Builds complex logical and conceptual models and provides guidance to team on physical data models. Identifies and defines the appropriate techniques for exposing data to other systems. Reviews and provides guidance and inputs on all data modeling activities to team members. Creates and maintains critical data documentation and metadata that allows data to be understood and leveraged as a shared asset. Assists in defining data modeling standards and foundational best practices. Provides inputs to the architectural design to make best use of the available resources, given goals, and expected loads.Data Governance:Establishes, modifies, and documents data governance strategies and initiatives. Provides guidance to business stakeholders, peers, and junior associates on the implementation of data governance practices. Helps business leaders understand and interpret company and regulatory policies around data. Determines data governance processes, practices, policies, and guidelines. Drives the successful adoption of organizational data utilization. Educates others on roles and accountability for data management. Actively participates in external communities to grow and develop deeper understanding of policy and regulatory changes that may happen from a data perspective. Drives the execution of multiple business plans and projects by identifying customer and operational needs; developing and communicating business plans and priorities; removing barriers and obstacles that impact performance; providing resources; identifying performance standards; measuring progress and adjusting performance accordingly; developing contingency plans; and demonstrating adaptability and supporting continuous learning. Promotes and supports company policies, procedures, mission, values, and standards of ethics and integrity by training and providing direction to others in their use and application; ensuring compliance with them; and utilizing and supporting the Open Door Policy. Ensures business needs are being met by evaluating the ongoing effectiveness of current plans, programs, and initiatives; consulting with business partners, managers, co-workers, or other key stakeholders; soliciting, evaluating, and applying suggestions for improving efficiency and cost. Minimum Qualifications: Option 1: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science and 5 years' experience in software engineering or related field. Option 2: 7 years’ experience in software engineering or related field. Option 3: Master's degree in Computer Science and 3 years' experience in software engineering or related field. 4 years' experience in data engineering, database engineering, business intelligence, or business analytics.Preferred Qualifications:Master’s degree in Computer Science or related field and 5 years' experience in software engineering or related field. 7 years' experience in data engineering, database engineering, business intelligence, or business analytics. 3 years' experience in ETL tools and working with large data sets in the cloud.About Global Tech Imagine working in an environment where one line of code can make life easier for hundreds of millions of people and put a smile on their face. That’s what we do at Walmart Global Tech. We’re a team of 15,000+ software engineers, data scientists and service professionals within Walmart, the world’s largest retailer, delivering innovations that improve how our customers shop and empower our 2.2 million associates. To others, innovation looks like an app, service or some code, but Walmart has always been about people. People are why we innovate, and people power our innovations. Being human-led is our true disruption. We’re virtual Working virtually this year has helped us make quicker decisions, remove location barriers across our global team, be more flexible in our personal lives and spend less time commuting. Today, we are reimagining the tech workplace of the future by making a permanent transition to virtual work for most of our team. Of course, being together in person is an important part of our culture and shared success. We’ll collaborate in person at a regular cadence and with purpose.
