
Summary Apple ignited the personal computer revolution in the 1970s with the Apple II and reinvented the personal computer in the 1980s with the Macintosh. Today, Apple continues to lead the industry in innovation with its award-winning computers, operating systems, smart phones and tablet computers, this is made possible because we value the “Think Different” philosophy.Make a difference.The Operations team at Apple is looking for a dynamic and motivated candidate for the role of a Data Engineer. The role is an opportunity for a self-driven individual to utilize their business acumen, acquire process knowledge and apply analytical skills to deliver creative, value-added solutions to the Operations team at Apple.The engineer needs to be adept in the use of data forensics, statistical tools and techniques to be able to identify process gaps, root cause issues and recommend optimal solutions. Knowledge and hands on experience of quantitative analysis in the supply chain domain is expected. Ability to use statistical tools and techniques to identify process gaps, root cause issues and drive data driven decision making is desirable.Ability to think strategically and execute on operational strategies to make definitive and measurable improvements for the operations teams along with providing leadership in a cross functional environment across geographies is a must have. Ability to crisply articulate findings to senior leadership and a passion for driving excellence is desired. Must be able to work in a fast paced environment, perform effectively under dynamic conditions such as directional changes, tight deadlines and limited resources. Organizational skills and the ability to multi task are essential. Commitment to keeping up to date with industry leading technologies, techniques, tools and best practices and experience with SQL, Teradata, Python and Tableau experience is an absolute must.  Must be able to work in a fast-paced environment, perform effectively under dynamic conditions such as directional changes, tight deadlines and limited resources.An understanding of data sources & relationships, reporting tools and systems knowledge is required. Experience with measuring and managing data quality is desirable.  Ability to translate technical content for non-technical audiences and vice-versa would be beneficial.  A positive attitude and the ability to communicate and negotiate are necessary to be successful in this role.Ability to think out of the box and influence peers and management with data driven models using advanced analytics is a must have. Ability to leverage quantitative skills, select appropriate tools and techniques, create frameworks to drive policy changes and implementing corrective actions to improve the customer experience will be a measure of success for this role. Excellent verbal and written communication & presentation skills using data visualization applications is desired. Key Qualifications Minimum 5 years experience within Operations and Supply Chain desiredProven data driven decision making skillsComputational analysis using Excel, mySQL, Teradata, Python, Tableau, Business Objects, JMP, R,Matlab, SPSS and SAP preferred.Experience with Teradata, SQL, Tableau preferred. Fluency in SQL or other programing languages (Python, Java, and/or C++). ETL Software preferred.Development experience with at least one scripting language (PHP, Perl, Python, etc.)Applied Machine Learning experience (regression analysis, time series, probabilistic models, bayesian statistics) Description - Provide analytical reporting and analytics to the operations team and external partners- Ability to operate in a fast paced, rapidly changing environment- Ability to rapidly learn and adapt to business changes- Create and maintain reports, create and manage data models, leverage data across complex hierarchies using multiple data sources- Leverage process improvement techniques to drive improvements in data quality- Detail oriented and self-motivated individual able to function effectively when workingindependently or in a team- Ability to maintain poise and a positive attitude in a challenging environment- Excellent communication and presentation skills- Perform testing to support system implementations and upgrades- Leverage industry best practices for data analysis and share across the operationscommunity Education & Experience - BS/MS/PhD in Data Mining, Statistics, Machine Learning, Computer Science, Operations Research or related field. Role Number: 200282992
