
The Role / ResponsibilitiesRole/ResponsibilitiesJoin a core development team that supports all Structured Finance (one of the most dynamic areas of the Fixed Income) for Moody's.We are looking for a data intelligence analyst possessing a combination of advanced mathematical, statistical, analytical, and data mining expertise, knowledge of the financial industry, and programming skills to research, collect, analyze, and interpret large data sets from internal and external sources to develop data-driven solutions to difficult business challenges. If you have a deep understanding of wrangling business data to deliver powerful insights and want to work with the creative freedom to shape a growing platform in a fast-paced environment, you may be right for this role.Don't know much about Structured Finance? Don't worry, we will teach you the basics in the first 1-3 months through interactions with our business experts/other team members, attending training sessions, and learning by working on small tasks at the beginning. We expect you to demonstrate curiosity about finance, ask deep questions, and display a continuous drive to learn more about our business.Here is what you can expect when you join our dynamic team: Actionable and insightful metrics may be harder to calculate -- and take more time to digest -- but they will always give more impactful information. And eventually, that will drive our business the furthest. In the first 2 months, you need to identify a set of attainable metrics by reviewing existing reports/dashboards, partnering with senior managers, PMs, and developers to understand their needs for data and translate their goals into meaningful data. The expected outcome would be a proof-of-concept report to demonstrate measurable impact and/or a roadmap for instrumentation of the measurements.  In the next 2-3 months, you need to implement an objective framework of metrics and processes to enable data-driven decision-making through collaboration with senior managers, developers, financial engineers, and product managers. We will evaluate the framework based on the capability to analyze critical KPIs and tell stories about root-cause business questions, what-if analysis, and anecdotal evidence from our clients.  Data is one of the most valuable parts of our business, and our team is responsible for moving it around the organization and delivering it to our internal and external clients. We use data movement technologies (ETL/ELT, AWS Glue, Spark, etc.), messaging/Streaming Technologies (AWS SQS, Kinesis/Kafka), Relational and NoSQL databases (Cassandra, Elastic Search, MongoDB, Graph database), API, and in-memory technologies. As you gain a strong knowledge of both the product and technology and its impact on business processes, we will need you to expand the framework to track our critical initiatives around software releases/features, differentiate initiatives and integrations of business processes that are in progress versus those up for execution, assist with metrics-driven product development approach, etc. We aspire to achieve this through sharing insights with business users, through data visualization and data storytelling.  Our customers and your teammates are counting on you to be present and invested in the successful delivery. If you've ever worked in this type of environment, you know how important teamwork, walking-the-extra-miles, and commitment are to personal success. Qualifications Superb analytical skills, persistence in problem-solving, and ability to learn quickly and independently.  A strong technical understanding of CDP and tracking tools such as Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, Segment, Heap, MixPanel, FullStory, etc.  Ability to thrive and adapt in a fast-paced, high-growth, and rapidly changing environment.  Strong organizational, communication, and critical thinking skills.  Proficient in data wrangling with SQL, pandas, or dplyr  Proficient in data engineering for performance (clustered-, and non-clustered indexes, CCIs, partitions, segment elimination, views, SSAS, and distribution keys)  Proficient with at least one data visualization platform for Business Intelligence (ex: Power BI, MicroStrategy, Cognos, QlikView, Tableau, etc.)  Experience with cloud technologies, especially AWS services is a plus  Familiarity with operating systems, virtual machines, and Docker containers a plus. TeamIn Structured Finance, we have proprietary data assets with extensive history and comprehensive coverage. We pride ourselves on being a trusted brand known for rigorous analytics with unique credibility and capabilities in capital markets, risk management, and data and analytics solutions. We offer solutions for all structured asset classes; our customers include banks, asset managers, government entities, and hedge funds. Our software platform, investor products, and structured research allow clients to organize their data and create investor reports, helping them make better decisions. Our team is made up of dedicated professionals including business and data analysts, financial engineers, software developers, and more.LOB/Cost CenterStructured Finance OU (SF OU)Job Req ID24994BREntityMoody's Analytics (MA)Line of BusinessStructured Finance OU (SF OU)Regular/TemporaryRegularCityNew YorkJob CategoryEngineering & TechnologyJob Sub CategoryData ScientistExperience LevelExperienced HireWorking at Moody'sMoody's (NYSE: MCO) is a global integrated risk assessment firm that empowers organizations to make better decisions. Our data, analytical solutions and insights help decision-makers identify opportunities and manage the risks of doing business with others. We believe that greater transparency, more informed decisions, and fair access to information open the door to shared progress. With over 11,000 employees in more than 40 countries, Moody's combines international presence with local expertise and over a century of experience in financial markets. Learn more at moodys.com .At Moody’s, we’re taking action. We’re hiring diverse talent and providing underrepresented groups with equitable opportunities in their careers. We’re educating, empowering and elevating our people, and creating a workplace where each person can be their true selves, reach their full potential and thrive on every level. Learn more about our DE&I initiatives, employee development programs and view our annual DE&I Report at moodys.com/diversityEntityMoody’s Analytics provides financial intelligence and analytical tools supporting our clients’ growth, efficiency and risk management objectives. The combination of our unparalleled expertise in risk, expansive information resources, and innovative application of technology, helps today’s business leaders confidently navigate an evolving marketplace.EEO PolicyMust be fully vaccinated for COVID-19 (i.e., at least 2 weeks after last dose) and, if hired, present proof of vaccination on start date, as determined by Moody’s.Moody’s is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, gender, age, religion, national origin, citizen status, marital status, physical or mental disability, military or veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. Moody’s also provides reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities or based on a sincerely held religious belief in accordance with applicable laws. If you need to inquire about a reasonable accommodation, or need assistance with completing the application process, please email accommodations@moodys.com . This contact information is for accommodation requests only, and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.For San Francisco positions, qualified applicants with criminal histories will be considered for employment consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.This position may be considered a promotional opportunity, pursuant to the Colorado Equal Pay for Equal Work Act.Click here to view our full EEO policy statement . Click here for more information on your EEO rights under the law . Click here to view our Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination statement .Securities Trading Policy (STP)Candidates for Moody's Corporation may be asked to disclose securities holdings pursuant to Moody’s Policy for Securities Trading and the requirements of the position. Employment is contingent upon compliance with the Policy, including remediation of positions in those holdings as necessary.Full / Part TimeFull-TimeMIS RegionUSRegulatory RegionUSAPosition TypeNewPrimary Location Code26400Primary LocationNew York - 7 World Trade Center (26400)
      