
Job Title: Data/Voice Engineer Location: New York, NY, Local candidatesResponsibilitiesUnified Communications Engineer will focus on Cisco Unified Communications Manager (CUCM) clusters, Cisco Analog Voice Gateways (VGs), and Cisco voice gateway routers for PSTN connectivity while assisting with a transition to cloud based telephony platform leveraging MS Teams and Direct Routing. The UC Communications Engineer will be responsible for configuring direct routing and configuring call routing. Engineer should be proficient with planning, deploying, and managing Microsoft Teams, meetings, chat, apps, Office 365 groups, channels, security/compliance and implement integration with 3rd party collaboration and management systems. Engineer must have solved complex issues and developed recommendations based upon the platform's analytics and usage. The Engineer will be responsible for leading the growth, administration, configuration, troubleshooting and integrity of unified communications services and related components, extending from on-premises to those in MS 365 tenant or other cloud services.Manages UC interconnections with other key infrastructure technologies such as SIP services, Direct Routing, Office 365, Exchange, Active Directory, PKI, Azure AD, SharePoint, Audio-Visual & Contact-center systems, etc. Develops, configures and maintains UC usage policies and an overall governance structure. Supports AV Techs with configuration of room-based conferencing systems, phone features and other related audio-visual technologies such as MSFT Teams Rooms, Surface Hub, Analog gateways, SIP Paging systems, etc. Diagnosis and timely resolution of customer systems, call quality issues and requests, ensuring service levels and quality control standards are met. Completion of assigned service desk requests and resolution of IT incidents per defined SLAs. Create/update system documentation, as-build topology, network diagrams, best practices, configuration Tracking, reporting and remediating deviations from performance baselines. Maintain strategic oversight of UC environment, POC future technologies in a well-maintained lab environment, with aim to enhance end-user productivity and ease-of-use. Produce periodic status reports; provide regular updates at team meetings; multi-tasking while handling competing priorities; adherence to assigned budget; Self-initiating approach to work.
