
The Thrive Global product teams are lean and complete owners of their domains. The product teams have the autonomy and responsibility to continuously deliver features + customer value which reduces the stress and burnout of employee populations worldwide. Frontend engineers on the Thrive Global product teams will build out support for surveys, reporting, multi-step wellness plans, settings, profile management, integrations, intra-office challenges, and much more. We strive to reuse as much frontend work as possible across mobile, web, chat, conference, and call centers. What you will do:Build user-facing experiences for Thrive Global to realize its vision to fight burnout globally with small, meaningful interventions. Take a complex (and stressful) workplace, like an oil rig, for example. When operators introduced safety moments (practical, context-dependent moments to focus on health and safety), it had a massive impact on worker health.Make it easy for customers to onboard with Thrive Global, engage their workforce, and use insights to inform decisions at a global scale.Build an extensible platform where it becomes easy to support additional Thrive Global features and tasksDevelop micro-frontends using single-spa with TypeScript, React and GraphQL. You may be a fit for this role if you:3+ years of experience building scalable component libraries, design systems, and tools using JavaScript or TypeScriptA combined passion for great user experience and API designExperience shipping high-quality products from start to finishEmpathy, a collaborative spirit, and the ability to work effectively with a teamA desire to work closely with developers who depend on your libraries to deliver customer valueAn appreciation for the importance of good documentation – internal and externalAttention to detail, especially around performance, accessibility, reliability, and security Who you’ll work with:Francois Ward, Director of Engineering, is leading the Frontend Platform team with the mission to enable Thrive Global’s engineers to build world-class user experiences as efficiently as possible with tools that are a joy to use. Alan Fitzpatrick, Tech Lead for the Thrive Pulse team, is helping give people vision into the stress and burnout of their employees, and identify targeted interventions to improve well-being. Michael Joyce, Tech Lead for the Thrive Today, is helping inspire our customers with daily guidance toward healthy habits.  What’s it like to work at Thrive Global?Thrive Global is helping people fight burnout in their personal and professional lives by facilitating small but consistent changes in behavior to regain a sense of calm, connection, and control. Thrive Global makes it easy to start, run, and scale employee programs anywhere in the world. We want to work in a company of warm, inclusive people who treat their colleagues exceptionally well. The kind of people who are committed to going out of their way to help others in the short-term, and to push them to improve over the long-term (by helping them get better at what they do). About Thrive Global Thrive Global is a behavior change company founded by Arianna Huffington in 2016 with the mission to end the burnout epidemic. We help individuals and organizations improve well-being, performance, and mental resilience. Thrive’s Microsteps—small, science-backed steps to improve health and productivity—have been adopted by employees at more than 100 organizations in over 40 countries. Thrive Global is headquartered in New York City and has offices in San Francisco and Dublin. For more information, visit www.thriveglobal.com
