
        If you are a Data Engineer with Azure Data Lake experience, please read on!We are building the bank for the future. We believe US banks have lost their way, becoming too focused on profits rather than the people they serve. That's why we are setting up a bank that has the customer at its core. We're building a more personal digital bank, one that is tuned to our customer's needs and aspirations. We're taking on the banking landscape to reward those who work hard and pursue their ambitions.As an Azure Data Lake Engineer, you will be part of the Data Engineering and Analytics team within our Technology group. You'll bring your data engineering, collaboration, and analytics skills to help cultivate a data-driven culture by designing and delivering analytics solutions and making data analytics easier and more effective.Top Reasons to Work with Us Fully Remote Great room for growth Work with an innovative new idea in the stable Banking industryWhat You Will Be Doing Work closely with source data application teams and business users, implement and support analytics solutions that provide insights to make better decisions. Implement data engineering solutions using Azure products/services and traditional data warehouse tools. Perform multiple aspects involved in the development lifecycle design, cloud engineering, ingestion, preparation, data modeling, testing, CICD pipelines, performance tuning, deployments, consumption, Business Intelligence. Implement APIM with a help of application teams Solution development using Agile, DevOps, operating in a product model that includes designing, developing, and implementing large-scale applications or data engineering solutionsWhat You Need for this Position3+ Years of experience: Azure CI/CD SQL Unix Python or Spark AgilePLUS Skills API BI - Cognos, Tableau, Power BI DevOpsSo, if you are a Data Engineer with Azure Data Lake experience, please apply today!Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Nate ShumanEmail Your Resume In Word ToLooking forward to receiving your resume through our website and going over the position with you. Clicking apply is the best way to apply, but you may also:Nate.Shuman@CyberCoders.comPlease do NOT change the email subject line in any way. You must keep the JobID: linkedin : NS6-1661800 -- in the email subject line for your application to be considered.***Nate Shuman - Executive Recruiter - CyberCodersApplicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity EmployerAll qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.Your Right to Work - In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
      