
        Our Data Engineer/Data Scientist will be responsible for assisting with the implementation and maintenance of the enterprise wide data management solution for certified analytics and reporting rectangles (CARRs) and data assets. This role is also responsible for end to end business analysis and modeling functions of Enterprise Analytics, in an effort to lengthen and deepen customer relationships.Your Responsibilities Identify, transform, and organize analytical data including gathering data from disparate sources, aggregating data, and ensuring data integrity.  Work with stakeholders to come up with data-driven approaches for business problems.  Support the design, build and execution of post source system extraction and data lake ingestion and business transformation, CARR creation framework and development processes in production.  Enhance analytic environments and platform required for structured, semi-structured and unstructured data.  Build data pipelines to feed descriptive and predictive analytics use cases, KPI and enterprise wide reporting.  Provide technical support for projects and team members, along with SMEs and product owners.  Document the data blending process along with the specifications and workflow/data lineage. Primary LocationUnited States-New York-New YorkOther LocationsUnited States-New Jersey-Holmdel, United States-Pennsylvania-Bethlehem, United States-Massachusetts-PittsfieldJobInformation TechnologyScheduleFull-timeShiftDay JobJob TypeStandardTravelYes, 10 % of the TimeJob PostingDec 22, 2021, 10:26:04 AMYour Qualifications BS or MS in management information systems, computer science, or a related field.  Experience in database development.  Hands on experience in writing complex SQL queries.  Hands on experience in Object oriented programming.  Experience developing ETL scripts is a plus.  Programming experience in Python, Spark, Unix/shell scripting is a plus.  Knowledge on Amazon Web Services or working experience.  Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.  Excellent communication and collaboration skills to work across multiple groups within the organization.  Strong analytical and statistical skills and a well balanced mix of technical and business skills, as this role must have the ability to interpret marketing objectives, translate into technical applications, and communicate analysis findings.  Knowledge of software engineering best practices across the development lifecycle, including agile methodologies, coding standards, code reviews, source management, build processes, testing, and operation.  Location  This position can REMOTE or can be located in our newest offices in Hudson Yards in Manhattan, in our Holmdel NJ offices (the historic former Bell Labs facility), in our Gold LEED facility in Bethlehem PA, or in Pittsfield MA, all with work from home flexibility.  Travel  Less than 10% travel between NYC, Holmdel NJ, Bethlehem PA. Benefits Medical, dental, vision, and prescription plans  Competitive compensation package  401k with company match  Attractive Paid Time Off (PTO)  Life and disability insurance  Tuition assistance program  Wellness discounts  Philanthropic Opportunities  Social responsibility is part of our mission. It stems from our corporate values of putting people first, doing the right thing, and holding ourselves to high standards.  As a company and as employees, we are engaged in a variety of initiatives such as volunteering within our local communities, educational alliances with colleges, focusing on sustainability, and promoting diversity and inclusion.  Our promise Through skill-building, leadership development and philanthropic opportunities, we provide opportunities to build communities and grow your career, surrounded by diverse colleagues with high ethical standards We offer  Meaningful and challenging work opportunities to accelerate innovation in a secure and compliant way.  Competitive compensation package.  Excellent medical, dental, supplemental health, life and vision coverage for you and your dependents with no wait period.  Life and disability insurance.  A great 401(k) with company match.  Tuition assistance, paid parental leave and backup family care.  Dynamic, modern work environments that promote collaboration and creativity to develop and empower talent.  Flexible time off, dress code, and work location policies to balance your work and life in the ways that suit you best.  Employee Resource Groups that advocate for inclusion and diversity in all that we do.  Social responsibility in all aspects of our work. We volunteer within our local communities, create educational alliances with colleges, drive a variety of initiatives in sustainability. About GuardianGuardian has been helping people protect their futures and secure their lives for 160 years. Every day, we serve approximately 29 million people through a range of insurance and financial products. We help people and their families pursue financial security and well-being in life, health, and wealth. We help companies take care of their employees. And we help people recover and thrive after unexpected loss.From our founding in 1860, when a community of immigrants joined together to insure and protect their businesses and families, doing the right thing for our policyholders and customers has guided everything we do. Our dedication to customers has helped us remain one of the most highly rated in client satisfaction and financial strength.And as one of the largest mutual insurance companies, we know what matters most: putting the needs of our customers first. Because everyone deserves a Guardian. Learn more about Guardian at www.GuardianLife.com.#GuardianIT© Copyright 2021 The Guardian Life Insurance Company of America, New York, NY EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY Guardian is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to age, race, color, creed, religion, sex, affectional or sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, marital status, disability, military or veteran status, or any other classification protected by applicable law.
      