
Please note that visa sponsorship is not available for this position.We are excited to consider a remote engineer! Remote team members will be expected to work out of their home office. Your Opportunity Our Data Team builds tools and infrastructure that increase revenue, reduce churn, and improve customer happiness. We are tasked with building a data platform on top of the incredible amount of business, usage, and customer data that New Relic holds, as well as delivering valuable insights utilizing that platform to the teams who need it!What You’ll DoWe are looking for a Senior Software Engineer with a passion for data to join us in building a scalable, easy-to-use data platform targeted at various technical folks within New Relic. We also build data apps atop this platform when needed.Help supply the vision for data infrastructure and analysis tools, establishing standard methodologies for creating systems and datasets that the entire company will use. Bringing deep technical skills, you will add to our environment and be excited about building a strong data foundation for the company. We are seeking someone who is excited about having a big impact at New Relic around revenue and customer experience!In addition to our central San Francisco location (expected to open up again in 2022), remote candidates who can work West Coast hours from a home office where New Relic can do business are welcome to apply.Here are a few potential project examples:Data modeling platform for our analystsData quality monitoring system built into our pipelinesKnowledge discovery tool to help our co-workers find out where and how to ask questions that can be answered by our dataYour Qualifications Must-have: 4+ years of demonstrated experience as a software engineerExpertise in the Data Engineering tech stack, including Python or Scala, data warehouses (we use Snowflake), SQL, and relational databasesDelight in building state-of-the-art tools that are a joy to use Nice-to-have: Exposure to any/some/all of the following: Snowflake, dbt, Docker, CI/CD systemsDesire for high code quality, automated testing, and other aspects of engineering excellenceExperience working with data lakes and data processing systems that operate across a large organization and that make use of technologies such as Spark, Hive, or PrestoHave strong opinions, weakly held and rooted in personal experience. You can easily disregard prior held biases and opinions in the face of new information and use casesWe're looking for bold and passionate people to be a part of our mission to create more perfect software. We'd love to have you apply, even if you don't feel you meet every single requirement. What's most important to us is finding authentic and accountable people who feel connected to our mission and values, not just candidates who check off all the boxes.We believe in empowering all Relics to achieve professional, and business success through a workforce model called Flex First. The Flex First model allows us to work in a variety of workplaces that best support our success, including fully office-based, fully remote, or a combination of both.Read more about Flex First and New Relic’s vaccine policy as part of our commitment to maintaining a safe and healthy workplace in light of the COVID-19 pandemic.About UsNew Relic (NYSE: NEWR) is a cloud-based observability platform that gives developers, engineers, operations, and management a clear view of what’s happening in today’s complex software environments. So they can find and fix problems faster, and deliver delightful experiences for their customers. That's why the world’s best engineering teams rely on New Relic to visualize, analyze, and troubleshoot their software. It’s the simplest, most powerful cloud-based observability platform, built to create more perfect software. All from one place.Founded in 2008, we’re a global company passionate about building a culture where all employees feel a deep sense of belonging, where every ‘Relic’ can bring their whole self to work and feel supported and empowered to thrive. We’re consistently recognized as a distinguished employer and are committed to building world-class products and an award-winning culture. For more information, visit newrelic.com.Our Hiring ProcessNew Relic takes seriously our stewardship of the data of our thousands of customers worldwide. In compliance with applicable law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work and to complete employment eligibility verification.We will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records based on individual circumstances and in accordance with applicable law including, but not limited to, the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. https://sfgov.org/olse/sites/default/files/FCO%20poster2020.pdfHeadhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this website or directly to managers. New Relic does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes, and will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with New Relic.New Relic is an equal opportunity employer. We eagerly seek a diverse applicant pool and hire without regard to race, color, gender identity, religion, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, physical abilities (or disability), age, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.Interested in the details of our privacy policy? Read more here: https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/applicant-privacy-policy
