
About this roleElevate your career by joining the world's largest asset manager! Thrive in an environment that fosters positive relationships and recognizes outstanding performance! We know you want to feel valued every single day and be recognized for your contribution. At our company, we strive to empower our employees and effectively engage your involvement in our success.We are one of the world’s preeminent asset management firms and a premier provider of global investment management, risk management and advisory services to institutional, intermediary and individual investors around the world. Our mission is to create a better financial future for our clients. We have a responsibility to be the voice of the investor, and we represent each client fairly and equally. Constant communication with a diverse team of partners strengthens us and delivers better results for our clients. Continuous innovation helps us bring the best out of us to our clients. We also offer a range of solutions — from rigorous fundamental and quantitative active management approaches aimed at maximizing outperformance to highly efficient indexing strategies designed to gain broad exposure to the world’s capital markets.About the team:Come join a diverse and collaborative group of researchers in the Sustainability Research and Modeling team within our Financial Modeling Group (FMG). We are responsible for the research and development of the financial models underpinning our Aladdin platform. The models developed by our team span a wide array of financial products and enable analysis at many different levels – from analyzing the cash flows of a single bond to understanding the risks across an entire portfolio or enterprise. These analytics empower users with flexible, quantitative risk and investment insights – both across our company and for clients of Aladdin.The Sustainability Research team is focused on building innovative models to assess the financial impacts of climate change, climate policy and energy policy on a large number of asset classes – from corporate equity and fixed income, to mortgages, municipal bonds, sovereign debt and alternative investments. As climate risks and sustainable investing become an ever-increasing focus for investors, we are developing the models and analytics to help drive a deeper understanding of risks and outcomes.About the role:We are looking for a Software Engineer to work on our sustainability initiatives. The focus will be on delivering sustainability analytics to production, including but not limited to data engineering, quality assurance, and DevOps. You will join a fast-growing group of developers, financial modelers, and climate experts to deliver our climate and sustainability models as a product to our clients. You will have broad exposure to our financial modeling process involving diverse types of data and asset classes and work with a wide range of internal and external business stakeholders. Through this role, you will help deliver a product that has the potential to reshape industry’s response to sustainability issues.Key responsibilities include:Work with subject matter experts and researchers, build robust research and production pipeline for data and modeling processEnsure product qualityProcess automationCommunicate across multiple partner teams on project planning and deliveryQuantitative model implementation and deploymentSkills & Qualifications:Degree in computer science, statistics, machine learning, applied mathematics, operation research or other quantitative disciplines; graduate degree and research experience are preferredMinimum 2 years of professional experience in a software engineering or machine learning operations teamWorking experience in at least one software engineering language (C++/Java/Go) and one data science language (Python/R/MATLAB/Julia)Working experience with Unix-like operating system and shell scriptingExperience with SQL/NoSQL database, large datasets; experience with unstructured data is a plusAble to communicate and collaborate effectively in a diverse team environmentDemonstrated ability to learn and adaptPassionate about sustainability issues and asset management industryExperience in climate science, energy system modeling, climate policy or energy policy is a plusExperience with financial and economic research and quantitative modeling is a plusExperience with statistics, machine learning, deep learning and NLP is a plusExperience with cloud platform and Cloud Native technology is a plusOur benefitsTo help you stay energized, engaged and inspired, we offer a wide range of benefits including a strong retirement plan, tuition reimbursement, comprehensive healthcare, support for working parents and Flexible Time Off (FTO) so you can relax, recharge and be there for the people you care about.About UsAt our company, we are all connected by one mission: to help more and more people experience financial well-being. Our clients, and the people they serve, are saving for retirement, paying for their children’s educations, buying homes and starting businesses. Their investments also help to strengthen the global economy: support businesses small and large; finance infrastructure projects that connect and power cities; and facilitate innovations that drive progress.This mission would not be possible without our smartest investment – the one we make in our employees. It’s why we’re dedicated to creating an environment where our colleagues feel welcomed, valued and supported with networks, benefits and development opportunities to help them thrive.
