
        At Fitch, we have an open culture where employees are able to exchange ideas and perspectives, throughout the organization, irrespective of their seniority. Your voice will be heard allowing you to have a real impact. We embrace diversity and appreciate authenticity encouraging an environment where employees can be their true selves. Our inclusive and progressive approach helps us to keep a balanced perspective. Fitch is also committed to supporting its employees by advancing conversations around diversity, equity and inclusion. Fitch’s Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) have been established by employees who have joined together as a workplace community based on similar backgrounds or life experiences. Fitch’s ERGs are available to connect employees with others within the organization to offer professional and personal support.With our expertise, we are not only creating data and information, but also producing timely insights from every angle to influence decision making in this ever changing and highly competitive market. We have a relentless hunger to innovate and unlock the power of human insights and to drive value for our customers. There has never been a better time to make an impact and we invite you to join us on this journey.Fitch Ratings is a leading provider of credit ratings, commentary and research. Dedicated to providing value beyond the rating through independent and prospective credit opinions, Fitch Ratings offers global perspectives shaped by strong local market experience and credit market expertise. The additional context, perspective and insights we provide have helped fund a century of growth and enables you to make important credit judgments with confidence.We are transforming the operational systems and data processes of the structured finance team so that the right information is always readily accessible for use in the credit analysis. The role of the Operations Data Specialist is to understand the needs of the business and enable delivery of the required information to analysts.Responsibilities Mine, analyze and interpret large and complex datasets Present findings and inferences along with recommended actions Create data dashboards, graphs and visualizations Identify areas to increase efficiency and automation of data processes Set up and maintain automated data processes Develop and support reporting processes Gather, understand and document detailed business requirements using appropriate tools and techniques Monitor data quality in line with established governance processes; produce and track key performance indicatorsMinimum Qualifications And Experience Degree-level qualification in a relevant subject Demonstrable practical data analysis experienceGeneral Skills Excellent numerical and analytical skills Knowledge of tools and techniques for data analysis Familiarity with different database types Knowledge of data modelling, data cleansing and data enrichment techniques Ability to carry out data quality control, validation and linkage Ability to produce clear graphical representations and data visualizations Good verbal and written communication skills#ZRFitch Group is a global leader in financial information services with operations in more than 30 countries. Wholly owned by the Hearst Corporation, we are comprised of three main businesses: Fitch Ratings | Fitch Solutions | Fitch Learning.For more information please visit our websites: | |Fitch is committed to providing global securities markets with objective, timely, independent and forward-looking credit opinions. To protect Fitch’s credibility and reputation, our employees must take every precaution to avoid conflicts of interests or any appearance of a conflict of interest. Should you be successful in the recruitment process at Fitch Ratings you will be asked to declare any securities holdings and other potential conflicts prior to commencing employment. If you, or your immediate family, have any holdings that may conflict with your work responsibilities, you may be asked to divest yourself of them before beginning work.Fitch is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender expression, gender identity or any other characteristic protected by law.
