
        At Fitch, we have an open culture where employees are able to exchange ideas and perspectives, throughout the organization, irrespective of their seniority. Your voice will be heard allowing you to have a real impact. We embrace diversity and appreciate authenticity, employees work in an environment where they can be their true selves. Our inclusive and progressive approach helps us to keep a balanced perspective.With our expertise, we are not only creating data and information, but also producing timely insights from every angle to influence decision making in this ever changing and highly competitive market. We have a relentless hunger to innovate and unlock the power of human insights and to drive value for our customers. There has never been a better time to make an impact and we invite you to join us on this journey.Fitch Ratings is a leading provider of credit ratings, commentary and research. Dedicated to providing value beyond the rating through independent and prospective credit opinions, Fitch Ratings offers global perspectives shaped by strong local market experience and credit market expertise. The additional context, perspective and insights we provide have helped fund a century of growth and enables you to make important credit judgments with confidence.The Ideal Candidate Is Someone WhoFitch is seeking a strong technical lead at Director/VP level to improve and possibly re-platform critical software tools used widely by the analytical users. Led technically complex systems with strong previous hands-on experience in development. Has experience in interpreting complex requirements associated with Analytical tools. Has experience mentoring and training associate level developersRoles & Responsibilities Work in Agile Environment to Design and Architect the program Work closely with project's Product Owners / Business Analyst/Enterprise Architects to understand requirements and advise on technical solutions Architect and design applications and databases in conjunction with the Architecture Chapter. Lead the team on setting up CICD pipeline for the team’s projects and integrate it with organisations delivery mechanism Provide production support and help set support technical best practices Conduct Technical Explorations and POCs to improve the teams systems. Provide code reviews Stay current on latest Information Technologies. Identify methods, approaches and technologies that may improve our software development processes. Work with PO and Scrum master on Sprint Ceremonies Work with the Quality Assurance team to ensure that the framework and coding standards are adhered to. Liaise with users and colleagues globally for the development and support of the software. Mentoring and training associate level developers on the team.Required Skills Extensive experience of enterprise software development with solid design and development experience in one or more of: Python, .NET or JAVA Strong background in relational database design and SQL Working knowledge in application servers, web servers, operating systems, and web application architectural concepts Experience in setting up with Deployment tolls such as Deployment tools such as Bamboo, Ant, Maven Self-starter, Independent thinker and problem solver Excellent written and verbal communication skills Experience working with a mixed co-located & offshore team Strong understanding of software development lifecycles (SDLC) with a primary focus on agile methodologies. Strong experience working on code reviewsDesirable skills Working knowledge of Appian, Level 1 certification Working knowledge of Deployment tools (Bamboo, Ant, Maven) Working knowledge Source control tools (GIT/BitBucket) Familiarity with reporting/BI tools like Qlikview, Qliksense, and NPrinting Familiarity with ETL platforms like Talend. Familiarity of Cloud Computing AWS or Azure (Compute, Storage, Database, Deployment and Application Services) Experience in Financial Services industry Mentoring and training associate level developersPerson specification  Strong academic background, educated to degree level, ideally in computer science or engineering Excellent interpersonal / relation building skill Excellent problem solving and analytical skills Highly motivated to deliver results and meet deadlinesFitch Group is a global leader in financial information services with operations in more than 30 countries. Wholly owned by the Hearst Corporation, we are comprised of three main businesses: Fitch Ratings | Fitch Solutions | Fitch Learning.For more information please visit our websites: | |Fitch is committed to providing global securities markets with objective, timely, independent and forward-looking credit opinions. To protect Fitch’s credibility and reputation, our employees must take every precaution to avoid conflicts of interests or any appearance of a conflict of interest. Should you be successful in the recruitment process at Fitch Ratings you will be asked to declare any securities holdings and other potential conflicts prior to commencing employment. If you, or your immediate family, have any holdings that may conflict with your work responsibilities, you may be asked to divest yourself of them before beginning work.Fitch is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender expression, gender identity or any other characteristic protected by law.
