
About-UsAt Edward Jones, we help clients achieve their serious, long-term financial goals by understanding their needs and implementing tailored solutions. To ensure a personal client experience, we have located our 14,000+ branch offices where our more than 7 million clients live and work.A typical branch office has one financial advisor who meets with clients face-to-face and one branch office administrator who enhances the team's ability to build deep relationships with clients. Headquarters associates in St. Louis and Tempe provide support and expertise to help U.S. and Canada branch teams deliver an ideal client experience. Edward Jones currently has more branch offices than any other financial services firm, and we continue to grow to meet the needs of long-term individual investors.Job-OverviewAt Edward Jones we are developing a next-generation analytics architecture to support our growing business. As part of the Data Architecture and Data Design team, you will be challenged daily to find innovative solutions to improve the speed and consumption of our information. This will also bring you into contact with a diverse array of stakeholders ranging from IT to our front line business organizations, and you will be working on a data platform that establishes the foundational layer for Edward Jones analytics for years to come.Responsibility SummaryDesign and implement the ODS data platform required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sourcesCreate and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture capable of ingesting structured and unstructured data in near real-timeAssemble large, complex data sets that meet functional and technical requirementsIdentify, design, and implement internal process improvements: Automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, redesigning infrastructure for greater scalability, etc.Develop data flows that can leverage both on premise and cloud architecturesBuild KPIs that utilize the data pipeline to provide insights into user adoption, operational efficiency and other key business performance metricsImplement data control and exception handling including data reconciliationWork with stakeholders including the business analytics teams and IS architecture teams to assist with data-related technical issues and support their data infrastructure needsSkills-RequirementsRequirements:Advanced working SQL knowledge and experience working with relational databases, query authoring (SQL), as well as experience with complex Stored Procedures for data processing.Experience building and optimizing data pipelines, architectures and datasetsExperience performing root cause analysis on internal and external data and processes to answer specific business questions and identify opportunities for improvementBuild processes supporting data transformation, data structures, metadata, dependency and workload managementA successful history of manipulating, processing and extracting value from large disconnected datasetsWorking knowledge of message queuing, stream processing, and highly scalable ‘big data’ data storesExperience supporting and working with cross-functional teams in a dynamic environment5+ years' experience building large scale operational data stores in Oracle or equivalent relational databaseUnderstanding of data domains such as client, account, investments, transactions, holdings etc. are highly desiredCandidates should also have 3+ years of experience using the following software/tools:Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, etc.Experience with relational SQL and NoSQL databases, including Oracle, MongoDB and Azure SQL Experience with AWS/Azure cloud servicesExperience with stream-processing systems: Kafka, Spark-Streaming, etc.Experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages: Python, Java, etc.Awards-Accolades FORTUNE 2020 – Edward Jones was named No. 7 on the 2020 FORTUNE 100 Best Companies to Work For® list.From FORTUNE ©2020 FORTUNE Media IP Limited. All rights reserved. Used under license. FORTUNE and FORTUNE 100 Best Companies to Work For are registered trademarks of Fortune Media IP Limited and are used under license. FORTUNE and Fortune Media IP Limited are not affiliated with, and do not endorse products or services of, Edward Jones Investments.Edward Jones Ranked No. 6 of the 100 best workplaces for millennials by Great Place to Work and FORTUNE Magazine. 2020 Corporate Equality Index – Edward Jones joins the ranks of 680 major U.S businesses that received top marks in the HRC Foundations 18th Annual Scorecard on LBGTQ Workplace EqualityEdward Jones named a top company for training, ranking No. 25 on Training magazine's 2020 Training Top 125 list – the highest ranking among the financial-services industry! Financial services firm Edward Jones has been named one of the 2019 Best Workplaces for Parents by Great Place to Work and FORTUNE magazine. The firm ranked No. 5 on the list of 50 companies, up two spots from last year.The Best Workplaces for Parents list is one of a series of rankings by Great Place to Work and FORTUNE based on employee feedback from Great Place to Work-Certified™ organizations. Edward Jones ranked No. 7 on the FORTUNE 100 Best Companies to Work for in 2019 list, the firm’s 20th appearance on the list. The firm also was ranked the No. 1 Best Workplace in Financial Services & Insurance and the No. 6 Best Workplace for Millennials by Great Place to Work and FORTUNE.EEOEdward Jones does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, religion, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, pregnancy, veteran status, genetic information or any other basis prohibited by applicable law.
      