
Role: Data Engineer Location: Dallas,TX Job Description Skills: Mandatory Overall 10+ years of experience as Data Engineer. Advanced working SQL knowledge to create complex queries. • Experience in working with Time-series Database, relational databases as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases (structured & Unstructured). • Hands on Experience in working on Microsoft Azure Services like ADLS Blob Storage solutions, Event Hubs, Service Bus, scale sets, Load Balancers, Azure Functions, Analytics services (Azure SQL, Azure Data Factory, Azure Synapse, Azure Analysis Services, Azure Data Lake, …), Databricks • Experience with Azure DevOps, Git version control and Test Automation tools • Experience with schema design and dimensional data modeling • Knowledge of data warehouse best practices, development standards and methodologies • Design ETL/ELT processes from the source systems to Target systems • Experience in Python/PowerShell, and SQL • Practical and relevant experience with big data technical tools • Execution experience with Agile/Scrum project methodology • Knowledge on continuous integration continuous deployment. Experience of data migration and deployment from On-Prem to Cloud environment and vice-versa. • Gather requirements and deliver data solutions to address those requirements.• Collaborate with key stakeholders to analyze demands and contribute to cost/benefit analysis and estimation. • Build out new API integrations to support continuing increases in data volume and complexity. • Ensure all developments are fully documented and meet design requirements. • Develop and maintain scalable data pipelines. • Implement Automated Testing Desired Skills: • Excellent communication skills in written and verbal English. • Ability to work in and with cross-functional distributed teams, including working across multiple time zones and providing remote support. • Be an independent self-learner with the “let’s get this done” approach. • Hands on experience on visualization tools like Power BI & Tableau. • Certification on any cloud platform.
