
Why Smarsh? If you are passionate about working with vast amounts of data, obsess over performance and the quality of code, and have a desire grow professionally while having a significant impact on a business, then Smarsh is the right company for you. Our Professional Archive product is constantly growing, and with that growth, we are rapidly expanding our teams to increase our rate of innovation and ensure an excellent customer experience. This product ingests data from our customers 24/7, and working here, you will have exposure to dealing with over 20PBs of raw data, database tables and Solr indexes with 10s of billions of records, and an ingestion pipeline for data that is able to process thousands of communications per second.  The right engineer for Smarsh is someone who views their code as more than simply completing a story and pushing up a unit of work; we are looking for engineers that are passionate about their craft. We foster a culture of learning, collaboration, and knowledge sharing and look for engineers who want to be part of a team where they can learn and grow while also investing in others’ development. We have exciting engineering roles across teams for people who either want to do a mix of everything or for engineers who would rather specialize in areas like legacy code refactoring, performance optimization, cloud native integration, etc.  If you have ever dreamed of making an enormous impact through your contributions or aspired to take on additional responsibilities and grow professionally, then Smarsh would love to have you join us. We are large enough to have the benefits of a big company but small enough that every engineer matters to us.  To learn more about us, visit www.smarsh.com Job DescriptionSmarsh is seeking a Data Engineer to join our Professional Archive team to support our existing reporting platform as well as grow our reporting & analytics capabilities. You are a self-starter, possess a strong commitment to detail and can work in a rapidly changing environment. You will build working relationships to communicate within and across teams to solve problems. The ability to proactively suggest and implement report development and enhancements from understanding business processes, goals, and benchmarks will be invaluable to the success of this role. ResponsibilitiesSupport our existing reporting needs and technologiesBe part of a team that will standup up a robust data warehouse to support to support reporting & analytics for internal stakeholders and clients.Design and code data pipeline features and data processing jobs for collecting automotive data from disparate systems for the purpose of storing in a data warehouseCreate and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture.Work with real-time data streams from multiple internal/external sourcesWrite ETL pipelines to implement pre-defined business rules and metrics along with ensuring data quality in data warehouse processesEnsure smooth ongoing operations of data warehouse platform with high availability while making continuous improvements.Provide scalable solutions to manage large imports and implement operational procedures as necessaryDesign robust data warehouse management functions covering resource management, security, backup and recovery, performance monitoring and tuning and high availabilityParticipate in peer code reviews and produce high quality documentationWork on integrated teams of product management, architects, and data engineers to ensure we’re building the best products possibleCollaborate with business units to automate reporting needsUpkeep standard development methodologies of best practices for collaborative coding, modular efficiency, version control, QA, and release managementSkills / QualificationsB.S. degree in math, statistics, computer science, or equivalent technical field3+ years of experience with data engineering with emphasis on data analytics and reportingExpert experience in report building through MS SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS)Expert experience with MS SQL relating to query writing and tuningDemonstrated experience working in large-scale data environments which included real-time and batch processing requirementsExperience working with source-code management tools such as GitHub and JenkinsAbility to partner with business and technology team members, to understand business requirements and translate those into value-add technology solutionsExperience designing and delivering large scale, 24-7, mission-critical data pipelines and features using modern big data architecturesA sound understanding of BI best practices, relational structures, dimensional data modeling, structured query language (SQL) skills, data warehouse and reporting techniquesProven ability to work within set timelines and update management on deviation from these estimatesHas strong interpersonal communication skills; effectively communicates in verbal and written formYou appreciate agile software processes, data-driven development, reliability, and responsible experimentation.Additional Preferences AreExperience developing solutions in SnowflakeKnowledge of building solutions with data visualization and reporting tools such as Looker, PowerBI, Tableau, etc.Experience integrating data from multiple data sources and file types such as JSON and AVRO formats.COMPANY DESCRIPTION Smarsh is the leader in communications compliance, archiving, and analytics. We empower our customers to manage the risk and unleash the intelligence in their digital communications. Our growing community of over 6500 customers in regulated industries counts on Smarsh every day to help them spot compliance, legal or reputational risks before those risks become regulatory fines or headlines.  We provide compliance across the broadest set of communications channels with insights on what’s being captured. Smarsh customers manage over 500 million daily conversations across 80+ unique communication channels. Customers include the top 10 U.S., top 8 European, top 5 Canadian, and top 3 Asian banks. The Smarsh advantage is customers stay ahead of compliance and uncover patterns and relationships hidden within their data. At Smarsh, we’ve been helping our customers manage new forms of communication since 2001. We work closely with regulators including the SEC, FINRA, IIROC, the PRA and FCA, and with our customers, to ensure that they understand the capabilities of today’s technology and that our platform meets their most stringent requirements.  Relentless innovation has fueled our journey to consistent leadership recognition from analysts like Gartner and Forrester, and our sustained, aggressive growth has landed Smarsh in the annual Inc. 5000 list of fastest-growing American companies since 2008.
