
About XSELLReady to write the best chapter of your career? XSELL Technologies leverages artificial intelligence as a foundational capability to listen, learn and support agents in real-time with the exact information they need to exceed customers’ expectations and deliver top performer experiences.Join us on our mission to empower agents, clients, and organizations to increase human performance and job satisfaction through making conversations more personal. We do this by pairing together the best elements of human touch and machine intelligence to drive results.XSELL is currently seeking a Data Engineer. As a member of our XSELL Data team, we look first and foremost for people who are passionate around solving data-related business problems through innovation and engineering practices. We’re currently seeking a Senior Data Engineer to be a key member of our team. We’re looking for someone with experience designing, implementing, and deploying a data science and analytics platform in a hybrid cloud environment. This role will work within the Agile framework of continuous delivery. A successful team member will not only possess the technical skills required to bring innovative solutions to complex problems, but they will also use their passion to work collaboratively and participate in nurturing the growth of fellow developers.Ways You’ll ContributeDesign, build, and maintain the data collection and storage infrastructure that supports business analytics and data science.Manage the flow of analytics data through our systems, ensuring that it is reliable and performant.Evaluate alternatives and make recommendations for evolving cloud-based data architecture. Develop infrastructure as code solutions (Terraform) for managing cloud resources.Develop standardized tooling to support ELT development using Python, Snowflake, Kafka, and FiveTran. Providing a self-service experience wherever possible for data consumers. Guiding customers where necessary, and coming up with improved solutions when new needs arise.What You’ll Bring3-5+ years of experience as an Engineer, with a combination of software engineering and data engineering2- 3+ years of experience monitoring workflows including ETLs, responding to issues and improving performance and reliability.Strong experience managing and processing data in relational databases, including using SQL to extract reports.Bring cutting-edge industry practices into our organization; convince stakeholders and peers of the value; implement these practices and measure impact.Advanced proficiency in Python (data structures, algorithms, object-oriented programming, using APIs)Experience administering a cloud data warehouse, highly desired experience with Snowflake.Advanced proficiency in Airflow -- building DAGs, developing custom operators, and leveraging plugins.Experience with schema design and dimensional data modelingKnowledge of software engineering best practices, coding standards, GitHub, automated testing and deploymentExperience with deploying and maintaining cloud infrastructure using Terraform or similar framework.Experience supporting production systems and developing on-call/incident management playbooks.Knowledge of and experience implementing data security and governance best practices.The ability to work independently and set your own priorities with careful attention to detail and deadlines.A service mindset to business stakeholdersCandidates must reside in the United StatesXSELL is committed to a culture of teamwork; where everyone works together to plan, do, learn, and continuously improve. We accomplish that by staying true to our core values.Best Chapter: Every XSELLer is plugged in and focused on writing their “best chapter yet”, both personally and professionally. We believe in working hard to achieve success, but that success only comes if we are doing it together. We do this with a high level of humility, integrity, and compassion towards our coworkers. We celebrate and recognize each other and have a lot of fun along the way. Know Us By Our Results: We do what we say and say what we do. Our coworkers and clients will “know us by our results” – we welcome that and embrace transparency and measurement. Do It The XSELL Way: Together we are building an inclusive culture full of top-performing, talented people that are striving towards common goals with resilience. People will admire not only the work we do but also that we “do it the XSELL way” – as one team. We do this through strong communication, collaboration, and accountability to each other. Open for Business: We are always “open for business” – fiercely committed to improving ourselves, our team, and our company. We stay curious and approach every situation as an opportunity to learn and grow. Conversations Happen In the Room: Feedback is imperative to our collective success. We approach the “conversation in the room” with respect, empathy, and candor. Our dialogue with each other is always open and honest. XSELL Technologies is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer and all employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law.We are committed to the full inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, we will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, perform essential job functions, and/or receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please contact us.#BI-Remote
