
You are: A Data Engineering pro—someone who thrives in a team setting where you can use your creative and analytical prowess to obliterate problems. You’re passionate about digital technology, and you take pride in making a tangible difference. Complex issues don’t faze you thanks to your razor-sharp critical thinking skills. Working in an information systems environment makes you more than happy. As part of our AI & Technology group, you will lead cloud technology innovation for our clients through robust delivery of world-class data platforms. There will never be a typical day and that’s why people love it here. The opportunities to make a difference within exciting client initiatives are unlimited in the ever-changing cloud data landscape.The work:You will be part of a highly collaborative and growing network of cloud data experts, who are taking on today’s biggest, most complex business challenges using the latest data technologies and partnering with the largest cloud providers. You will be designing and building Big Data and real-time analytics solutions using industry standard technologies and work with data architects to make sure Big Data solutions align with technology direction. You will have an opportunity to work in roles such as Cloud Data Engineer, Data Modeler or Data Architect covering all aspects of Data including Data Management, Data Governance and Cloud Data Migration. We will nurture your talent in an inclusive culture that values diversity. Come grow your career in Technology at Accenture!QualificationsWhat you need:Hands-on technical experience implementing or supporting Data Engineer Technology solutionsExperience with using cloud native services on one or more Cloud Platforms (GCP, Azure and/or AWS)Experience with gathering and processing raw data and translating analysesExperience with designing and implementing relational databases for storage and processingExperience with working directly with teams to integrate data processing and business objectivesOne more thing, this role requires US Citizenship (No Dual Citizens) Bonus Points:Experience with Open-source technologies such as Spark, Kafka, Presto, Hive, Cassandra, HadoopExperience with SQL and NOSQL databases to organize the collection, processing, and storing of data from different sourcesExperience with Architecting and building scalable data platformsExperience with Java, Scala, and/or Python programming languagesAs required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture Federal Services provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $66,100 - $142,799 and information on benefits offered is here.
