
Purpose of the Position: The Azure Data Engineer II helps design, build and support UMA’s enterprise data and analytics enablement solutions in the cloud. As part of an agile DevOps team, the Azure Data Engineer II works with business analysts, product owners and data solutionists to implement purpose-built solutions for our stakeholders. The Azure Data Engineer II promotes good data governance with an emphasis on industry best practices for maintaining security and privacy over our data. The Azure Data Engineer II reports to the Enterprise Data Management Leader. Responsibilities Key Responsibilities/Functional: Collaborate on the development of new cloud data stores and migration of existing data.Work collaboratively to develop, document, and ensure continue improvements of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) best practices for data in the cloud. Be an advocate for quality and security though data quality and accuracy validations. Focus on understanding business problems and determine how to optimize the solutions for the same. Deploy with automation data platforms in a cloud environment with Continuous integration/Continuous delivery (CI/CD) processes. Partner with architecture, security, infrastructure, and application teams to design and implement automation data and database platforms and tools. Assist with problem resolution for cloud automation issues. Create and update automation to eliminate routine management processes. Have a working understanding of standard extract, transform, and load (ETL) tools and techniques, sourcing, maintaining, and updating data, data warehousing, data cleansing, and other analytical techniques required for data usage. Build Data Service Application Programming Interfaces (API)s. Develop and maintain data warehouse schematics, layouts, architectures and relational/non-relational databases for data access and Advanced Analytics. Delivery of architectures for transformations and modernizations of enterprise data solutions using Azure cloud data technologies. Implement effective metrics and monitoring processes. Support the root cause analysis on all failed processes and resolve assigned production issues. Provide coaching to Azure Data Engineer staff and mentor in best practices for ETL quality and assurance. Provide expertise in deploying Azure Data Factory pipelines in a DevOps environment Perform other duties as assigned. Technical: Development of big data pipeline using Azure Data Factory V2 (ETL) and Azure Data LakesProficiently utilize Microsoft SQL Server (PaaS and on-prem) in a hybrid modeProficiently understand the CDS model for Microsoft Dynamics CRM Proficiently develop solutions that primarily utilize Azure Cloud Services Possess database fluency, including an optimal understanding of SQL and a robust understanding of multiple database concepts.Create and maintain legacy database procedures and processes that support daily data loading and report generation.Support Institutional Initiatives Keep current on institutional goals, objectives, and progress. Engage in institutional sponsored activities and initiatives as appropriate.Lead with courage in support of change initiatives that impact organization. Manages and assists in coordinating efforts between departments within UMA. Compliance: Demonstrates knowledge of, and carefully follows all applicable federal and state compliance requirements and regulations including those prescribed by the Department of Education, accrediting agencies, CIE, and internal UMA policies and procedures. Effectively communicates compliance requirements to students and other staff as appropriate and quickly escalates any compliance concerns to the Compliance department. Qualifications Work Experience, Skills & Abilities: Minimum RequirementsBachelor’s degree in Computer Science or 5+ years of relevant work experience 3 years of professional experience developing in a ETL environment or started their Microsoft Azure Data Engineer Associate (or Azure equivalent) certification. Working-level Proficiency with DevOps and CI/CD methodologies and tools for automated infrastructure code test, integration, deployment, and assurance. Expertise in on-prem and cloud database automation and platform automation. Azure experience being preferred. High Proficiency with Azure Cloud Services. High SQL proficiency. Demonstrated expertise in programming languages to code transformations (e.g., C, C++, Java, .Net/C#, PL/SQL, Transact SQL). Experience with ETL tools like Talend, Informatica, Microsoft SSIS. Experience with Database modeling tools like Erwin. Moderate experience in designing and authoring reports using SQL Server Reporting Services, Crystal Reports, as well as other report authoring tools. Moderate proficiency in SSAS setup and use. Strong Microsoft Server filesystem and file transfer knowledge. Strong problem-solving skills. Strong collaboration skills and excellent verbal and written communication skills. Able to professionally communicate fluently in verbal and written English. Proficient in MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) and other business tools such as Skype and Microsoft Teams. Data Analytics and Quality Control: Accuracy in all tasks. Ability to work on multiple projects. Follow through with project tasks/strict adherence to timelines. Review and analyze source data, analyze and document data flows, and validate mapping specifications and business rules from data source to target. Develop SQL queries/scripts and similar artifacts to validate the completeness, integrity, and accuracy of data within an ETL process testing cycle. Has demonstrated the ability to learn new technology and employ the same in a production environment. Must seek out and recommend new technologies and techniques that represent industry-level innovations in data management especially in the Azure cloud environment. Be able to identify and mitigate risks to projects. Self-Starter with a strong propensity towards innovation. Able to support a diverse and inclusive work environment. Ability to be on-call, work nights and weekends as required. Preferred Requirements: Microsoft Azure Data Engineer Certification Pursuit of certification will be expected of this position in either the Azure Data Engineer and/or Azure Architect domains.
