
About Locally:Locally is the leading online to local shopping network. We power tools aimed at helping shoppers find and buy products from local retailers and work with major brands and retailers such as Yeti, Trek, Sonos, Dicks, REI, Crocs, Brooks, and many more. More than 30 million unique shoppers interact with our tools each month and produce more than 1 billion annual engagements. Locally is rapidly scaling and producing sustained annual growth rates upwards of 100% making it an ideal environment for motivated candidates looking to advance their careers and have a true impact on outcomes. Here’s what you’d do:Locally is seeking a full time, remote or in office, Senior Data Engineer to lead the process of the architecting, developing, implementing, and managing Locally’s internal and external data warehouses. The role will also be responsible for implementing and managing internal and external reporting systems to support a variety of fluid business use cases. Data is a core part of Locally’s long term product strategy and this role will play a crucial part in it’s execution. You’d Be Responsible For:Architecting and managing the build of Locally’s internal and external data warehouse.Developing a central schema for data coming from multiple sources.Building the infrastructure and automation for the extraction, transformation, and loading of data from various sources.Maintaining technical documentation.Working with business stakeholders to understand data needs.Implementing and managing Tableau as an internal data visualization tool.Assisting the business team in selecting and implementing a tool for external data visualization.Creating unit test and stress test components to monitor technical performance.Automating and integrating new data components into the data pipeline.You might be a good fit if you have: Minimum of 3 years development experience in data engineering.Minimum of 3 years professional experience working in big data ecosystems.Experience building and supporting ETL pipelines.Experience with SQL (Postgres, MySQL).Experience with NoSQL environments (Elastic).Proficient at using Python as a programming language for ETLs. Experience data visualization applications (Tableau, Power BI, Looker, Knowi, Google Data Studio).Experience with Google Cloud Platform and operating in a cloud environment. Experience with Opensearch/Elasticsearch. Exceptional communication skills, proven ability to interact with business teams. Experience with project management systems (Jira and Confluence a plus).Experience in a Linux environment. And while not mandatory, it would be great if you also have:PHP experience and or proficiency with navigating the Laravel framework.Scripting experience as a process of data collection.Python Data Science libraries.Experience with the consumer sector (ecomm, retail, wholesale).Here’s what to know about working here:Were a mission driven, high growth organization offering a casual yet rewarding work environment and:Base salary $120-175k annual, Bonus, and Stock Option Plan.Benefits include Medical, Dental, and Retirement Plan.Remote work options (most of our team is remote).We offer competitive salaries and benefits including stock options, PTO, retirement plan, and major medical and dental coverage.Locally is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic.
