
DescriptionBrainPOP creates cross-curricular digital content that engages students and supports teachers. We feature animated movies, student creation and reflection tools, learning games, and interactive quizzes to customizable and playful assessments, lesson plans, professional development opportunities, and beyond.With headquarters based in the Flatiron District in NYC, BrainPOP is used in over 40% of US elementary and middle schools, and welcomes millions of monthly site visitors.We are seeking a talented Data Engineer to join our growing team. In this role, you will work closely with senior staff to build new data pipelines and refactoring existing ones that ingest and transform data from a wide array of sources. You will be part of a team responsible for delivering reliable, accurate and timely data to our stakeholders. The data that you provide will be consumed by data scientists, machine learning experts, executives, stakeholders across the company and our most important stakeholders: the districts, schools and teachers that rely on BrainPOP. You will be working collaboratively alongside other passionate Data Engineers, Data Analysts, and Software Engineers to support and maintain our data infrastructure.In this role, you will:Build, refactor and maintain data pipelines that ingest data from multiple sources.Transform and model datasets for myriad business use cases. Build and support the tools we use for monitoring data hygiene and the health of our pipelines. Support data discovery, certification and governance initiatives in partnership with our Data Science peersHelp our data team establish a best-in-class data driven organizationOn your resume:3+ years experience working in a modern data engineering environment, including workflow orchestration, pipeline monitoring, warehouse health, etc. 3+ years of experience modeling data in a warehouse setting. Demonstrated mastery of SQL and fluency in one or more programming languages, python strongly preferred. Excellent understanding of data structures and algorithms.Familiarity with analytics and data science.About our ideal candidate:Passionate about improving education.Self-starting and interested in building a modern, best-in-class data platform. Experience working our data stack: AWS, Airflow, Snowflake, dbt, Looker, Docker Excellent organizational skills.BS, BA, MS, MA, or PhD in Information Science, Computer Science, Mathematics, or a related technical field.4+ years of work experience in data-centric roles.Familiarity with data science concepts and statistics.Experience using CDC, Kinesis or other streaming technologies. Experience administering Airflow and/or Snowflake.Experience with data discovery tools such as Amundsen.Life at BrainPOPOur commitment to supporting and empowering teachers and students is reflected in our dedication to enhancing the lives of our employees—in and out of the office.Our team is made up of educators, data scientists, published authors, engineers, artists, bakers, film buffs, cyclists, dual-citizens, and so much more. We value collaboration and learning from multiple perspectives.Besides offering a comprehensive benefits package and putting an emphasis on work-life balance, we make it a point to integrate fun and play into the workplace.We offer:Monthly Wellness ActivitiesCatered Wednesday community lunches401K with a company matchLocal Fitness Studio PartnershipsLearning & Development OpportunitiesSeasonal In-Office ActivitiesFriends & Family BrainPOP SubscriptionsWhat we do today directly impacts how teachers teach, and students learn. We continue to be inspired because we can see the difference we’re making and we’re proud to be a creative, collaborative, always-teaching and always-learning community.We believe that a diverse organization is a more effective organization. BrainPOP is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer.
