
        Spotify is looking for a Data Engineer to join the Data Platform team in the Marketplace engineering organization. You will forge new ground in how we help labels and artists and help us fulfill our mission of giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art. If you're interested in building out the next revolution in the music industry and helping artists succeed in their careers, come join us!What You'll DoBuild large-scale batch and real-time data pipelines with data processing frameworks like Scio, Storm, Spark, and the Google Cloud Platform.Work with Product to conceptualize and then implement new ways of understanding the interplay between user satisfaction, track performance, and artist needs.Help architect self-learning systems applying Spotify-scale data as input.Use best practices in continuous integration and delivery.Help drive optimization, testing, and tooling to improve data quality.Collaborate with engineers, product managers, experts, and business partners, taking learning and leadership opportunities that will arise every single day.Work in cross-functional agile teams to continuously experiment, iterate, and deliver on new product objectives.Who You AreHave at least 3+ years of data engineering experienceKnow how to work with high volume heterogeneous data, preferably with distributed systems such as Hadoop, BigTable, and Cassandra.Know how to write distributed data pipelines in Java or Scala.Knowledgeable about data modeling, data access, and data storage techniques.Care about agile software processes, data-driven development, reliability, and responsible experimentation.Understand the value of collaboration within teams.Care about making your team the best version of itself through mentorship and constructive accountability.Where you'll beWe are a distributed workforce enabling our band members to find a work mode best for them!Where in the world? For this role, it can be within the Americas region in which we have a work location.Prefer an office to work from home instead? Not a problem! We have plenty of options for your working preferences. Find more information about our Work From Anywhere options here .Working hours? We operate within the Eastern Standard time zone for collaboration.Spotify is an equal opportunity employer. You are welcome at Spotify for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or what’s playing in your headphones. Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be forward-thinking! So bring us your personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It’s in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way the world listens.Spotify transformed music listening forever when we launched in 2008. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the chance to enjoy and be passionate about these creators. Everything we do is driven by our love for music and podcasting. Today, we are the world’s most popular audio streaming subscription service with a community of more than 381 million users.This position is not eligible to be performed in Colorado.
      