
        Q2 is seeking a  Data Engineer  to be responsible for implementing Q2’s PrecisionLender Relationship Awareness (RA) Solution to align with the business requirements of our customers. You will be exposed to highly customizable products that are configured/engineered differently for each customer. In addition to our standard implementations, this role will also be responsible for supporting broader data analytics work within the Client Delivery team. Must be exceptionally detail-oriented, process and date driven, and an energetic self-starter who can work independently and in a group setting. This work is performed within our Client Delivery team as part of implementation and ongoing success, and does not require travel.ResponsibilitiesWork with our newest clients to configure, test and validate the integration of data from the customer’s core processing system with PrecisionLender.Understand client concerns (possibly delivered by other Client Delivery team members) and address them appropriately, knowing when to seek out help from others.Translate client data into the RA platform to ensure data is being used as expected in calculations.Communicate client issues and requests to our developers and create solutions with them.Ensure that the RA onboarding process is completed in a timely manner consistent with client expectations.Extract data from complex relational databases and add business rules to format this data for analysisCreate processes to support data analytics, automate data processing and provide actionable insight to clients about their data structureSupport internal analytics efforts by performing data diagnostics during the implementation processIndependently manage medium-sized projects to completion under general supervision. Typically requires a Bachelor’s degree in (relevant degree) and a minimum of 5 years of related experience; or an advanced degree with 3+ years of experience; or equivalent related work experience. A minimum of 3 years’ experience in multiple coding languages and ETL processes. Python experience preferred.Experience with complex relational databases or unstructured data sources a big plus.Ideal candidates will possess intermediate financial, loan and lending knowledge and will likely have experience with a financial institution. Strong troubleshooting, diagnostic, and analytical skills.  Attention to detail, exceptional follow-through, the ability to prioritize, stay organized, and multi-task in a fast-paced environment  Ability to understand and balance competing priorities that lead to timely implementations and reliable market data  A relentlessly positive disposition  The ability to remain calm, diplomatic, and cooperative under stressful conditions  Strong written and oral communication skills including communication of technical concepts to non-technical individuals At Q2, our goal is to be a diverse and inclusive workforce that fosters mutual respect for our employees and the communities we serve. Q2 is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status.
