
        100% REMOTE Data Engineer opportunity with Global company!Compensation: Up to $130kHeadquartered out of Germany, we are a globally recognized technology company. We've been in business for 30 years and have over 4,500 employees across multiple continents. We do close to $1B in annual revenue and are continuing to grow!Are you looking for an opportunity to step in to a global company and be given the autonomy and freedom to build up it's entire data infrastructure the way you see fit? If so, read on!Top Reasons to Work with Us Large global technology company with customers in multiple industries Very stable and well established company Massive upward mobility Get in on the ground floor of developing our data infrastructure Remote work!What You Will Be DoingThis Will Include, But Not Limited ToYou will be a key contributing member in our efforts to create a group-wide data strategy. Connection, cleansing and preparing of data sources Designing, building and maintaining data pipelines Work with common tools, languages and databases and data processing frameworks Extract-Transform-Load (ETL) logic and implementation from a wide range of data sourcesYou will act in a similar fashion to an internal consultant to all departments looking to implement new data procedures, policies and tools. Do all of this with the goal of developing scalable and robust solutions that transform data into useful formats for analysis!What You Need for this PositionRequired B.S. in Business Informatics, Computer Science, Data Science or Mathematics 2+ years of experience as a Data Engineer Understanding of statics and Machine Learning concepts Programming: Python/R, Scala Databases: SQL, MongoDB Hadoop, Cassandra, HiveNICE TO HAVE Advanced Degree Presto Big TableStromWhat's In It for You Industry leading benefits Remote work and autonomy 401k with employer matchSo, if you are an up and coming Data Engineer ready to build up data infrastructure from the ground up... apply here today!Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Albert AlvaradoEmail Your Resume In Word ToLooking forward to receiving your resume through our website and going over the position with you. Clicking apply is the best way to apply, but you may also:Albert.Alvarado@cybercoders.comPlease do NOT change the email subject line in any way. You must keep the JobID: linkedin : AA5-1665067 -- in the email subject line for your application to be considered.***Albert Alvarado - Executive Recruiter - CyberCodersApplicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity EmployerAll qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.Your Right to Work - In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
      