
About UsBlueOwl is a separate company in the State Farm® family of companies and the solutions provider for HiRoad Insurance, an InsurTech brand that recognizes and rewards good choices. Operating independently with the backing of the #1 auto insurer in the country, we blend the best aspects of a tech startup and an industry leader. To see what we’ve helped build so far, check out HiRoad.com .Our VisionAt BlueOwl, we envision a world where data driven behavior fuels better lives. We started with the reinvention of insurance and a bold mission to create a data science powered platform that actually helps people become better drivers. We aspire to be the best in the business at identifying low-risk drivers by harnessing the power of data with an innovative technology stack.It’s a big goal, and that’s where you come in. We're growing a world class team of data science, engineering, design, product, marketing and mobile technologists because we know that the key to success isn’t just about nailing the technology—it’s hiring the talented people who will help us make a quantifiable impact.Minimum Qualifications:Enjoys a Python-centric code base and Python best practices.Has an interest in learning and gaining experience with high-level architecture.Experience in building RESTful services.Preferred Qualifications:Bachelor’s in Computer Science or related field.Data science fundamentals are not required, but are a plus.Exposure to the scientific Python stack would be helpful (numpy, pandas, scikit-learn, tensorflow, etc). If you don't have it, you will learn it here.Experience with Cassandra and Kafka.Exposure with using cloud-based production systems at scale.Experience with integrations and data warehousing using tools like Redshift.Experience with scheduling tools like Airflow.Additional Details:Salary: We pay competitive salaries factoring in experience, skill set, and location. We do not offer equity.We provide a wide-selection of health and welfare benefits including medical, dental, vision, life insurance, and supplemental income plans. We also offer a 401(k) Plan with a company match.Wellness and Time Off: We provide Headspace subscriptions, a wellness allowance, and generous time off including four weeks of PTO in the first year of employment with additional time granted upon hire. New parents may also take eight weeks of fully paid parental leave (plus four weeks for parents who give birth) which may be taken within one year after the birth and/or the adoption of a child.Professional learning and growth: We provide a generous allowance each year for professional learning, continuing education, and career development.Location: May work from anywhere in the US, but will need to be actively available during core meeting hours from 9:00AM - 3:00PM pacific time to collaborate with team members across all time zones.Some travel may be required after the San Francisco office re-opens.Candidates based in the SF Bay Area will be able to commute to the SF office for in-person meetings and other gatherings. Frequency TBD.BlueOwl, LLC is an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.If you are a San Francisco resident, please read the City and County of San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance notice. https://sfgov.org/olse/sites/default/files/FCO%20poster2020.pdf
