
Purpose of the Position:The Data Engineer is responsible for designing, developing, installing, and testing robust, scalable extract transform-load (ETL) processes using Microsoft SQL Server Information Services (SSIS) and Microsoft SQL Server. In addition, this role is to be responsible for the maintenance, architecture, and performance of SQL servers and their components. Responsibilities Primary Duties and Responsibilities: Identify, analyze, and remediate day-to-day operational issues affecting business intelligence (BI) reports, dashboards, and analytics models including, but not limited to, suboptimal performance of corresponding queries, stored procedures, ETL scripts, and data structures. Create, maintain, and improve tools in SQL Server, MS Access and MS Excel (and other platforms as needed). Understand and gather requirements around business operations for data model development. Become a technical subject matter expert on our regulatory and accreditation reporting requirements and data. Document, update, and improve existing online standard operating procedures and process maps. Perform data audits and data cleansing to ensure integrity and accuracy of records. Provide assistance with departments including Operations, IT, Admissions, Curriculum/Training, Marketing, Student Finance, Academics, Registrar in completing projects as related to automation and data storage/retrieval. This position at UMA participates in technical research and development to enable continuing innovation within the infrastructure, and ensures that system hardware, operating systems, software systems, and related procedures adhere to best practices. On-call availability for after hours, as needed. Demonstrates knowledge of, and carefully follows all applicable federal and state compliance requirements and regulations including those prescribed by the Department of Education, accrediting agencies, CIE, and internal UMA policies and procedures. Effectively communicates compliance requirements to students and other staff as appropriate and quickly escalates any compliance concerns to the Compliance department. Qualifications Education/Experience:5+ years T-SQL, SSIS, and SQL Server administration experience (required) 3+ years PowerShell with proven ability to troubleshoot and create automation scripts as well as API solutions. (required) 3+ years developing data models in enterprise environment5+ years reporting experience using SSRS and PowerBI with proficiencies in SSRS expression language and DAX Experience with MS PaaS (DataFactory, DataBricks, ApacheSpark, LogicMonitor/ServiceBus) (preferred) Experience with MS SaaS tools (Power Query, Power Automate, Power Apps)(preferred) One or more certifications for Microsoft SQL Server 2008 and 2012 (preferred)BS or BA in related field (preferred) Associated Knowledge, Skills & Abilities:Demonstrated knowledge of Microsoft SQL Server and associated tools including, but not limited to, SSIS, SSRS, and SSAS. Experience designing, developing, and deploying SSIS-based ETL processes in a dynamic operating environment. Strong operational, organizational, analytical, and technical skills Strong problem identification, troubleshooting, and documentation skills Ability to manage multiple initiatives concurrently. Detail and deadline oriented; flexible to rapid change. Highly motivated and able to motivate others. Experience with MS office suite including Access, Excel, and Visio is a plus. Flexibility to work evenings and weekends as needed.
